the army ant this may look like a bore
of a million individuals but make no
mistake the colony acts as one
[Music]
a superorganism with a sensory system of
2 million and Tennie a skeleton made
from the living bodies of workers a
[Music]
defense system of soldier ants ready to
act at any sign of danger a digestive
system processing piles of food deep
inside
[Music]
even a coordinated system for dealing
with all the waste these are insects
that by working together transcend
individual size the colony can search
the entire jungle and flush out its
wildlife
[Music]
each day it sends out a silent probe
into the forest in quest of food
[Music]
it doesn't use Scouts like other ants
instead a vast search party pushes into
virgin territory
seeking out the signs of anything alive
they spread out along the 10-meter front
sweeping across the forest floor to find
prey the ants must first touch it the
irony is that this the most successful
hide-and-seek player in the forest is
almost completely blind it distinguishes
the living only by their movement
as long as an animal remains still it is
safe but the slightest twitch will give
it away
within seconds the prey is pinned down
[Music]
within minutes it's torn apart at its
joints
[Music]
the more the praise struggles the more
the ants engage
[Music]
right across the raid front pray of all
sizes are driven from their hiding
places
even wasps must abandon their homes when
the m's
[Music]
everything alive in the path of the
Raiders overwhelmed
by sheer numbers
you